add sre for app and platform expection (#238)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: src/docs/platform-architecture-reference/sre-reference-for-app-on-differet-cluster.md

- **Potential impact on availability**: While Vault and Artifactory have robust failover mechanisms, their SLAs are not always align with the Gold cluster's 99.95% availability. This discrepancy can be attributed to maintenance requirements, service-specific risks, and other operational nuances
- **Mitigating downtime impact**: Applications in the Gold cluster with failover settings are designed to maintain high availability, even if Vault or Artifactory is temporarily unavailable. By correctly configuring application deployments (e.g., caching secrets or pre-pulling images), teams can ensure that their applications remain operational without needing real-time access to these services during outages

## SLA calculation guidance

### Factors influencing SLAs
- **Cluster type**: The base SLA varies significantly depending on whether the application is hosted on Silver, Gold, or Emerald
- **Node configuration**: Single-node vs. multi-node configurations impact the SLA due to differences in failover capabilities
- **Dependencies**: External dependencies like Vault and Artifactory influence application reliability and need to be considered in SLA calculations

> ### Factor than need to be considered in your SLA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Factors that need to be considered in your SLA
```

> To calculate the SLA for your application:

Reviewer: can you provide an example on the calculation?

Author: Updated

1. Start with the base SLA of your chosen cluster
2. Adjust based on the redundancy of your deployment (single-node vs. multi-node)
3. Factor in the SLAs of critical dependencies like Vault and Artifactory, considering their impact under different scenarios.

## Application-specific SLOs
Develop SLOs that reflect your application's operational goals within the context of the chosen cluster's SLA:
- **Performance metrics**: Response time, throughput, error rate
- **Reliability metrics**: Uptime, failover success rate

## Monitoring and alerting
- **Monitoring**: Implement comprehensive monitoring that covers all aspects of application performance and health within the cluster environment
- **Alerting**: Set up alerts based on predefined thresholds to ensure timely responses to potential issues affecting SLA commitments

## Maintaining SLAs
- **Regular reviews**: SLAs should be reviewed and adjusted annually or after significant changes to application architecture or cluster configuration

- **Collaborators engagement**: Keep collaborators and partners informed about SLA status and any potential impacts from planned or unplanned changes

> You can read more about how to setup SRE on an application here

Reviewer: missing link
